h1. LCDproc Rhythmbox Plugin

h2. About

This plugin enables the "Rhythmbox":http://projects.gnome.org/rhythmbox music player to output information about the currently playing track to any display supported by the "LCDproc":http://lcdproc.org driver. It allows Rhythmbox to be controlled by any keypad or infra-red remote control supported by LCDproc.

It is inspired by the "Rhythmbox LCDproc plugin":http://locoudev.0fees.net by Loic Andrieu. I have replaced the thread based scrolling with LCDproc's scroller widgets and added keypad support.

h3. Features

Displays details of the currently playing track, text that exceeds the display width can be configured to scroll in either bouncing or rolling mode:
* Title
* Artist
* Album
* Elapsed time

Allows keypad or IR remote control of:
* Previous or next track
* Play, pause or stop
* Volume

h2. Requirements

* "Rhythmbox":http://projects.gnome.org/rhythmbox  version 2.x
* "LCDproc":http://lcdproc.org available from "sourceforge":https://sourceforge.net/projects/lcdproc/
* Python OOP Wrapper Library for LCDproc Telnet API version later than 2011-11-23 from "github":http://github.com/jingleman/lcdproc

h2. Installing

Make sure the software in requirements is installed.

Check out the git repository:

bc. $ git clone git@github.com:emteejay/Rhythmbox-Plugin.git

Run the install script in the Rhythmbox-Plugin/LCDProc-plugin directory:

bc. $ sh install.sh

Start Rhythmbox, goto Edit->Plugins and tick/activate "LCDproc plugin". Your display should now display information on the current track or a Rhythmbox title screen if it is not playing.

h2. Configuration

Things that can be configured must be set in the source-code @${HOME}/.local/share/rhythmbox/plugins/LCDProc/LCDProc/__init__.py@. The comments should explain what is needed.

h2. Troubleshooting

If your display does not change at all, make sure that LCDproc is really running.

Launching Rhythmbox from the command line with the debug switch @rhythmbox -D LCDProc@ will enable debug output for the plugin. It will print status messages and stack traces if something goes wrong.

h2. Contact

Bug reports, feature requests and any other kind of feedback can be sent via the GitHub system.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Martin Tharby Jones martin@brasskipper.org.uk

This plugin is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see "The GNU license":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/. (See COPYING for the licence).
